Using mechanical polishing, we are able to produce smooth Nb\textsubscript{3}Sn films with surface roughness less than 20 nm. This level of surface roughness has thus far been impossible to achieve using existing methods. \cite{posen2021advances,pudasaini2018studies,pudasainipost,hu2019reducing} We have also shown that this smoothing can be achieved with only a few hundred nanometers of material removal, much less than what would be required for chemical polishing methods.

This study also shows that mechanical polishing can be used to improve the performance of Nb\textsubscript{3}Sn cavities when used in conjunction with a re-coating procedure. The immediate effect of polishing reduces the quality factor and accelerating gradient of the cavity. The cause of this performance degradation is not known, but could be due to subsurface defects exposed to the surface such as tin-depleted regions \cite{lee2018atomic}. In a previous study, we have shown that tin-depleted regions and regions where the film becomes very thin are common in tin vapor-diffusion coated samples\cite{citation needed}.

Another possible cause for performance degradation is surface damage or contamination caused by the polishing process. Residual abrasive particles can be seen in the SEM images of the polished samples. Cleaning the surface removes most of the contamination, but there may still be some abrasive particles still left on the surface, which could cause performance degradation. Surface damage such as cracks or scratches on the film could also degrade performance, although this seems unlikely as no surface damage was detected on the Nb\textsubscript{3}Sn samples polished with felt cubes. It is possible that the oxide that forms on the Nb3Sn surface after polishing is unfavorable for performance compared to the oxide that forms in the furnace after the coating process. More work is required to determine the cause of the performance degradation. 

After the re-coating process was applied, the cavity performance was improved to levels exceeding the unpolished state. We theorize that the re-coating procedure eliminates the performance degradation by repairing any defects exposed to the surface by the polishing step. A short, low-temperature coating is sufficient to fill in any tin-depleted regions, repair small cracks, and structurally return the top surface of the film to its as-coated state. However, it is difficult to determine the exact effects of the re-coating without performing a thorough cutout analysis on the cavity. We plan to conduct studies in the future to determine the cause of the performance degradation after mechanical polishing and the effects of the re-coating procedure on the Nb\textsubscript{3}Sn surface.

Despite the improvement to surface roughness, the accelerating gradient of the mechanically polished cavity is still below that of the current record holding cavity.\cite{posen2021advances} This suggests that there are multiple mechanisms that contribute towards cavity quench with surface roughness being one of them. By using mechanical polishing to eliminate the effects of surface roughness on the cavity performance, we can isolate these other causes and study them individually. We plan to apply mechanical polishing to both poorly performing and well performing Nb\textsubscript{3}Sn cavities so that the differences between these cavities can be determined. Applying the polishing procedure to a well-performing cavity could potentially lead to a drastic increase in the maximum accelerating gradient of Nb\textsubscript{3}Sn cavities if an equal improvement as we have shown in this paper can be applied to well-performing as-coated cavities.

The ability to smooth the surface of the Nb\textsubscript{3}Sn cavities also opens opportunities to experiment with thicker coatings, which can then be polished for a longer duration to achieve a smoother surface. Future research will include a study on polishing thicker Nb\textsubscript{3}Sn coatings and analyzing the prevalence of defects in these films.
